Report host rebellion
Ye Neng Heng is in danger now
Sick at night
Ye Nanheng performed surgery on his mother in order to raise money
Formaldehyde for the crops that play the game
The result was found by the boss of the audience
Was detained on the spot
Oops, that gray area is locked down.
If you don't die, you will lose half your life
Oh, dear.
The system doesn't count me if he has an accident now.
Is it still necessary to save him?
Oops but
Can he help me with my birthday?
For the sake of you being such a mess before
Another finger today
Hey, don't worry.
Your fingers won't take you for nothing
One for you 50,000
And the money with that big formaldehyde of Jin Dafang
Can I make it up for you?
Boss, someone came to count Vietnam Horizons
Is it
I heard that Ye Neng Heng caused trouble with you
I'll make amends to you for him.
Take him back by the way
You are a little girl
I called the sun just now.
Don't touch her